Release 4.0.0 Prep (#282)
sovity/authority-portal: CHANGELOG.md

#### Minor

#### Patch

### Known issues

### Deployment Migration Notes

#### Compatible Versions

- Authority Portal Backend Docker Image: `ghcr.io/sovity/authority-portal-backend:{{ version }}`
- Authority Portal Frontend Docker Image: `ghcr.io/sovity/authority-portal-frontend:{{ version }}`
- Catalog Crawler CE: `ghcr.io/sovity/catalog-crawler-ce:{{ CE VERSION }}`
- Sovity EDC CE: {{ CE Release Link }}

## [v4.0.0] - 2024-08-20

### Overview

This release introduces support for UI branding configuration, adds improvements to the process of registering connectors for service providers and fixes several minor issues.

> Check the deployment migration notes to ensure that your configure everything correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the deployment migration notes to ensure that you configured everything correctly.
```
